Add per-test fieldcompare tolerance and skip_compare (#847)
precice/tutorials: changelog-entries/847.md

> - Add optional `tolerance` and `skip_compare` fields to `tests.yaml` for per-test fieldcompare configuration closes #837.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add optional `tolerance` and `skip_compare` fields to `tests.yaml` for per-test fieldcompare configuration [#847](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/pull/847)
```
